4. Where are cookies stored?
Ans: Cookies are small, usually randomly encoded, text files that help your browser navigate through a particular website. The cookie file is generated by the site you're browsing and is accepted and processed by your computer's browser software. The cookie file is stored in your browser's folder or subfolder. Your browser accesses the cookie file again when you visit the website that created the cookie file. The browser uses the information stored in the cookie file to help ease your navigation of the website by letting you log in automatically or remembering settings you selected during your earlier visits to the website, among many other functions.

5. What is the $_SERVER variable?
Ans: $_SERVER is an array containing information such as headers, paths, and script locations. The entries in this array are created by the web server. There is no guarantee that every web server will provide any of these; servers may omit some, or provide others not listed here. 

6. How can we get second of the current time using date function?
Ans: $second = date("s") is how we get second of the current time using date function.

7. What is the difference between the functions unlink and unset?
Ans: Unlink is used to delete the file used in the context.

Example :
unlink('test.html');

Unset is used to unset or destroy the variable.

Example :
unset($var);

8. Why do we use GROUP BY and ORDER BY function in mysql?
Ans: ORDER BY allows you to sort the result set according to different criteria, such as first sort by name from a-z, then sort by the price highest to lowest.

(ORDER BY name, price DESC)

GROUP BY allows you to take your result set, group it into logical groups and then run aggregate queries on those groups. You could for instance select all employees, group them by their workplace location and calculate the average salary of all employees of each workplace location.

9. How do we delete a row in a table?
Ans: The DELETE statement is used to delete existing records in a table.

     DELETE FROM table_name WHERE condition;

10. What is the functionality of the function strstr and stristr?
Ans: Both functions are used to return or finds the first occurence of a substring from a string, and give all string from first occurence to end of string except than stristr() is case-insensitive.
If no match is found then FALSE will be returned.
Example

$email = ‘abc@xyz.com’;
$host = strstr($email, ‘@’);
echo $host;

output: @xyz.com
stristr() does the same thing in Case-insensitive manner
